PG-1243: add a hint about hint bits being dropped by alter table set … (#401)
percona/pg_tde: documentation/docs/test.md

    ALTER TABLE table_name SET access method  tde_heap;
    ```

!!! hint

>     ALTER TABLE <tablename> SET access method removes the [hint bits](https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Hint_Bits) and as such this can lead to heavy writes to the database table, even if you're just reading. A plain SELECT, count(*), or VACUUM on the entire table will check every tuple for visibility and set its hint bits. So we recommend you do a simple "count(*)" on your tables, after the ALTER. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Running a plain `SELECT, count(*)`, or `VACUUM` commands on the entire table will check every tuple for visibility and set its hint bits. Therefore, after executing the ALTER command, run a simple "count(*)" on your tables:
                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                ```
SELECT COUNT(*) FROM mytable;
```
```
